DBZ-6219 Doc update to explain default snapshot behavior for capturing schema history (#4561)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/ref-connector-configuration-database-history-properties.adoc

|[[{context}-property-database-history-store-only-captured-tables-ddl]]<<{context}-property-database-history-store-only-captured-tables-ddl, `+schema.history.internal.store.only.captured.tables.ddl+`>>
|`false`
|A Boolean value that specifies whether the connector should record all DDL statements from specified schema or database +
Specify one of the following values:

> `false` (default):: During a database snapshot, the connector collects the schema data collected for all non-system tables in the database, including tables that are not designated for capture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false` (default):: During a database snapshot, the connector collects the schema data for all non-system tables in the database, including tables that are not designated for capture.
```

It's best to retain the default setting.
If you later decide to capture changes from tables that you did not originally designate for capture, the connector can easily begin to capture data from those tables, because their schema structure is already stored in the schema history topic.
{prodname} requires the schema history of a table so that it can identify the structure that was present at the time that a change event occurred.

> `true`:: The snapshot records only those DDL statements that are relevant to the tables from which {prodname} captures change events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`:: The snapshot records only the table schemas that are relevant to the tables from which {prodname} captures change events.
```

If you change the default value, and you later configure the connector to capture data from other tables in the database, the connector lacks the schema information that it requires to capture change events from the tables. +

|[[{context}-property-database-history-store-only-captured-databases-ddl]]<<{context}-property-database-history-store-only-captured-databases-ddl, `+schema.history.internal.store.only.captured.databases.ddl+`>>
|`false`
|A Boolean value that specifies whether the connector should record all DDL statements +
Specify one of the following values:

> `true`:: Records only those DDL statements that are relevant to database/schema's tables whose changes are being captured by {prodname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`:: Records only those schema structures that are relevant to database/schema's tables whose changes are being captured by {prodname}.
```

> `false`:: The schema history topics stores incoming DDL statements for all databases. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false`:: The schema history topics store incoming schema changes for all databases. +
```
